Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[distorted melody playing]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[people cheering and screaming]
I don't have the most incredible words
right now 'cause my heart is racing.
but I guess I just want to say
that everyone deserves to be here.
so much. you know?
I can feel it in my bones.
And I'm the first to say
I don't know
if I should be here right now.
Everyone take a moment
and be really selfish and look out
and laugh at how beautiful it is
and let the joy overcome you because…
you only play your first stadium once.
That's for all of us.
So this is truly…
-special. you know?
-[others cheering]
-Let's go!
-Whoo! Whoo!
[man] Awesome energy!
[audience cheering loudly]
[distorted melody continues]
[inaudible]
[Shawn on recording]
♪ Do you got plans tonight? ♪
[audience continues cheering]
♪ 'Cause I can't get you off my mind ♪
-[music intensifies]
-♪ Let's get lost ♪
Fuck!
[cheering continues]
♪ Let's get lost ♪
Oh. my God!
[music intensifies]
[music stops. cheering remains]
Oh. my God!
[playing "Lost in Japan"]
[audience cheering loudly]
[music rising]
♪ All it'd take is one flight ♪
♪ We'd be in the same time zone ♪
♪ Looking through your timeline ♪
♪ Seeing all the rainbows. I ♪
♪ I've got an idea ♪
♪ And I know that it sounds crazy. baby ♪
♪ I wanna see ya ♪
♪ Oh. I gotta ask
Do you got plans tonight? ♪
Sing along!
[audience] ♪ I'm a couple hundred miles
From Japan. and I ♪
♪ I was thinking I could fly
To your hotel tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't get you off my mind ♪
♪ Can't get you off my mind
Can't get you off my mind ♪
Here we go!
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
♪ I could feel the tension ♪
♪ We could cut it with a knife ♪
♪ I know it's more
Than just a friendship ♪
♪ I can hear you think I'm right. yeah ♪
♪ Do I gotta convince you
That you shouldn't fall asleep? ♪
♪ It'll only be a couple hours ♪
♪ And I'm about to leave ♪
♪ You got plans tonight? ♪
Sing it out now.
[audience] ♪ I'm a couple hundred miles
From Japan. and I ♪
[Shawn] ♪ I was thinking
I could fly to your hotel tonight ♪
♪ Darlin'. 'cause I ♪
♪ Can't get you off my mind ♪
Here we go.
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
♪ And let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
Toronto!
-Yeah!
-[audience cheering loudly]
[vocalizing] ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh. darling ♪
♪ Oh. baby. do you got plans tonight? ♪
Sing it with me.
[all] ♪ I'm a couple hundred miles
From Japan. and I ♪
♪ And I was thinking I could fly
To your hotel ♪
♪ But I can't seem to get you
Off my mind. baby. and I ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't get you off my mind ♪
♪ Do you got plans tonight? ♪
Sing it out now.
[audience] ♪ I'm a couple hundred miles
From Japan. and I ♪
♪ The only thing I'm thinking 'bout
Is you and I. darlin' ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't get you off my mind ♪
♪ Can't get you off my mind ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
Sing!
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
♪ Oh. baby. yeah ♪
[audience cheering]
Toronto. sing with me. Here we go.
♪ Now. let's get lost tonight
Let's get lost tonight ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ I'm a couple hundred miles
From Japan. and I ♪
♪ Now. let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Let's get lost tonight ♪
♪ Baby. you and ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you off my mind ♪
Thank you so much!
[audience cheering loudly]
[playing "Holding Me Back"]
[audience cheering]
♪ I wanna follow where she goes ♪
♪ I think about her and she knows it ♪
♪ I wanna let her take control. yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause every time she gets close. yeah ♪
♪ She pulls me in enough
To keep me guessing  ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Well. maybe I should stop ♪
♪ And start confessing. confessing ♪
♪ I've been shaking ♪
♪ I love it when you go crazy ♪
♪ You take all my inhibitions
-♪ Baby. there's nothing… ♪
-♪ Holdin' me back ♪
♪ You take me places
That tear up my reputation ♪
♪ Manipulate my decisions
Baby. there's… ♪
Jump! Jump!
[audience cheering loudly]
♪ There's nothing holdin' me back ♪
♪ She says that she's never afraid ♪
♪ Just picture everybody naked. oh ♪
♪ She doesn't really  like to wait ♪
♪ Not really into hesitation ♪
♪ 'Cause she pulls me in
Enough to keep me guessing. oh. you ♪
[audience] ♪ Oh ♪
♪ And maybe I should stop ♪
♪ And start confessing. confessing. yeah ♪
[audience] ♪ Oh. I've been shaking
I love it when you go crazy ♪
♪ You take all my inhibitions ♪
♪ There's nothing holdin' me back ♪
♪ You take me places
That tear up my reputation ♪
♪ Manipulate my decisions
Baby. there's… ♪
Jump! Jump! Jump!
[audience chanting]
♪ There's nothing holdin' me back. baby ♪
♪ 'Cause if we lost our minds
And we took it way too far ♪
♪ I know we'd be… ♪
[audience] ♪ All right
I know we would be all right ♪
♪ If you were by my side
And we stumbled in the dark ♪
♪ I know we'd be all right
I know we would be all right ♪
♪ 'Cause if we lost our minds
And we took it way too far ♪
♪ I know we'd be all right
We would be all right ♪
♪ If you were by my side
And we stumbled in the dark ♪
♪ I know we'd be all right
We would be all right ♪
Sing! Sing!
[audience singing indistinctly]
♪ There's nothing holdin' me back
You take me places ♪
♪ That tear up my reputation ♪
♪ Manipulate my decisions ♪
Toronto. jump!
♪ There's nothing holdin' me back. baby
Yeah ♪
♪ Baby. there's nothing holdin' me back ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
[playing "Stitches"]
How you guys doing out there?
[audience cheers]
I just wanna…
take a moment and just say.
with all my heart
to every person in this room.
thank you so much for coming out
and spending the night with us. Thank you.
Toronto. how you doing?
[audience cheering]
You know…
Truly. as we were making the show.
I was thinking so much about
what is it that makes a show great.
And I very quickly learned that
the most incredible parts of my shows…
So. please look around and take it in.
the most incredible parts of my shows
are you guys.
Please do not stop singing as loud
as you can with this. Here we go.
[all] ♪ I thought
That I'd been hurt before ♪
♪ But no one's ever left me
Quite this sore ♪
♪ Your words cut deeper than a knife ♪
♪ Now I need someone
To breathe me back to life ♪
Loud!
[audience] ♪ Got a feeling
That I'm going under ♪
♪ But I know that I'll make it out alive ♪
♪ If I quit calling you my lover
Move on ♪
♪ You watch me bleed
Until I can't breathe ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Shaking. falling
Onto my knees ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
All you!
[audience] ♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
♪ Tripping over myself ♪
♪ Aching. begging you to come help ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
All you guys!
[audience] ♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
Beautiful.
♪ Just like a moth drawn to the flame ♪
♪ Oh. you lured me in
I couldn't sense the pain. no ♪
♪ Your bitter heart cold to the touch
Darling. oh. yeah ♪
♪ Now I'm gonna reap what I sow ♪
♪ I'm left seeing red on my own
Yeah ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Got a feeling
That I'm going under ♪
♪ But I know that I'll make it out alive ♪
♪ If I quit calling you my lover
Move on ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ You watch me bleed
Until I can't breathe ♪
♪ Falling onto my knees ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
Oh!
[audience] ♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
♪ I'm tripping over myself ♪
♪ I'm aching. begging you to come help ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses
Yeah ♪
♪ No. I'll be needing stitches
♪ Needle and the thread
Gotta get you out of my head ♪
[audience] ♪ Needle and the thread
Gonna wind up dead ♪
♪ Needle and the thread
Gotta get you out of my head ♪
Gonna wind up… ♪
Loud!
[audience] ♪ Needle and the thread
Gotta get you out of my head ♪
♪ Needle and the thread
Gonna wind up dead ♪
♪ Get you outta my… ♪
♪ You watch me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
♪ Falling onto my knees ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
Toronto!
♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
♪ Tripping over myself ♪
♪ I'm aching. begging you to come help ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses
Yeah ♪
♪ No. I'll be needing stitches
Ah! ♪
[audience cheering]
[playing gentle piano melody]
One more time with me.
♪ I bleed until I can't breathe ♪
[audience] ♪ Shaking. falling
Onto my knees ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
All you!
♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
[Shawn] ♪ I'm tripping over myself ♪
♪ Yeah
I'm aching. begging you to come help ♪
♪ And now that I'm without your kisses ♪
All you guys.
[audience] ♪ I'll be needing stitches ♪
Thank you so much. I love you.
[audience cheering]
[playing "Señorita"]
♪ I love it when you call me señorita ♪
♪ I wish I could pretend that I
That I didn't need ya ♪
♪ Every touch is ooh-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's true. la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you keep me coming for ya ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
♪ Land in Miami ♪
♪ The air was hot from summer rain ♪
♪ Sweat drippin' off me ♪
♪ Before I even knew her name. la-la-la ♪
♪ It felt like ooh-la-la-la
Yeah. no. yeah ♪
♪ Sapphire moonlight ♪
♪ We danced for hours in the sand ♪
♪ Tequila Sunrise ♪
♪ Her body fit right in my hands
La-la-la ♪
♪ It felt like ooh-la-la-la. yeah ♪
♪ I love it when you call me señorita ♪
♪ I wish I could pretend
I didn't need ya ♪
♪ But every touch is ooh-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's true. la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you know I love it
When you call me señorita ♪
♪ I wish it wasn't so damn hard
To leave ya ♪
[Shawn] Sing!
♪ But every touch is ooh-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's true. la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you keep me coming for ya ♪
[Cabello] ♪ Locked in the hotel ♪
♪ There's some things
That never change ♪
♪ You say we're just friends ♪
♪ But friends don't know
The way you taste ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ You know it's been
A long time coming ♪
♪ Don't ya let me fall. oh ♪
♪ Ooh. when your lips undress me
Hooked on your tongue ♪
♪ Ooh. love. your kiss is deadly
Don't stop ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
♪ I love it when you call me señorita ♪
♪ I wish I could pretend
I didn't need ya ♪
♪ But every touch is ooh-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's true. la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you know I love it
When you call me señorita ♪
♪ I wish it wasn't so damn hard
To leave ya ♪
♪ But every touch is ooh-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's true. la-la-la ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you keep me coming for ya ♪
♪ All along. I've been coming for ya ♪
♪ And I hope it meant something to you ♪
♪ Call my name. I'll be coming for ya ♪
♪ Coming for ya ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
[audience cheering]
♪ For ya ♪
♪ Ooh. I should be runnin' ♪
♪ Ooh. you keep me coming for ya ♪
[audience cheering]
What the…
Thank you. Toronto!
[Shawn] Camila Cabello. everybody!
[audience cheering]
[playing "Bad Reputation"]
♪ She's got a bad reputation ♪
[all] ♪ She takes the long way home ♪
♪ And all of my friends seen her naked ♪
♪ Or so the story goes ♪
♪ Mistakes we all make them ♪
♪ But they won't let it go ♪
♪ 'Cause she's got a bad reputation ♪
♪ But I know what they don't ♪
[Shawn] ♪ Mmm ♪
♪ No. I don't care what they say
About you baby ♪
♪ No. they don't know
What you've been through. no ♪
♪ And trust me. I could be the one
To treat you like a lady ♪
♪ Let me see what's underneath ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
♪ She's got a bad reputation ♪
♪ Nobody gets too close ♪
♪ A sight of a soul when it's breakin' ♪
♪ It's makin' my heart grow cold ♪
Sing.
[all] ♪ And into the deeper
She's sinkin' ♪
[audience] ♪ I'm beggin' her please ♪
[all] ♪ Don't let go ♪
[Shawn] ♪ Now. she's got
A bad reputation ♪
♪ But she's all that ♪
♪ She's all I want. though ♪
Toronto. sing along!
[audience] ♪ I don't care what they say
About you. baby ♪
♪ No. they don't know
What you've been through ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ And trust me I could be the one
To treat you like a lady. yeah ♪
-♪ Let me see… ♪
-♪ What's underneath ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
[vocalizing]
[song becomes ominous]
[high vocalizing]
[low vocalizing]
♪ Nobody knows the way
That I know her. said ♪
♪ Nobody knows the weight
On her shoulders. said ♪
♪ Nobody knows the way
That I know her. said ♪
♪ She got it bad. she got it bad ♪
♪ Nobody knows the way
That I know her. said ♪
♪ Nobody knows the weight
On her shoulders ♪
♪ Nobody knows the way that I… ♪
♪ She got it bad. she got it bad ♪
[note rises to high pitch]
♪ They don't know. yeah. yeah ♪
So. let me see you sing!
♪ All I need is you ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. yeah ♪
-♪ Let me see… ♪
-♪ What's underneath ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
[guitarist playing solo]
♪ Whoa-oh-oh. hey. yeah ♪
♪ For ♪
-♪ Let me see… ♪
-♪ What's underneath ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
[voice oscillates]
[audience cheering]
♪ She's got a bad reputation ♪
♪ She takes the long way home ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
[playing "Never Be Alone"]
[gentle piano intro]
You know. I was. uh…
I was thinking this morning…
and then earlier when I got here today.
I was like…
"Oh. my God.
This is just absolutely unbelievable.
This place is so big. I can't believe
this is happening right now."
[audience cheers]
And it occurred to me that…
this. right now…
this is not just mine.
This stadium full of people
is just as much yours to be proud of
as it is mine.
And I want every single person
in here tonight to know that.
[audience cheers]
I love you guys so much.
from the beginning.
all the support. everything.
with all of my heart. thank you.
[audience cheers]
I want everybody tonight
to look around and be proud of this
because this is special.
I'm not doing this alone.
I'm doing this with you.
Thank you. Look around. be proud.
This is called "Never Be Alone."
[woman] Love you. Shawn!
♪ I promise that one day I'll be around ♪
♪ I'll keep you safe
I'll keep you sound ♪
♪ Right now it's pretty crazy ♪
♪ And I don't know how to stop
Or slow it down ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ I know there are some things
We need to talk about ♪
♪ But I can't stay ♪
♪ Just let me hold you
For a little longer now. hey ♪
Toronto. all you.
-♪ And take… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Take a piece of my heart ♪
♪ And make it all your own ♪
♪ So when we are apart ♪
♪ You'll never be alone ♪
Beautiful!
Stay with me.
[vocalizing]
All you guys!
[audience vocalizing]
♪ You'll never be alone ♪
♪ When you miss me. close your eyes
I may be far but never gone ♪
♪ When you fall asleep tonight ♪
♪ Just remember that we lay
Under the same stars ♪
♪ Oh. darlin'. yeah ♪
♪ And hey ♪
♪ I know there are some things
We need to… ♪
[audience] ♪ Talk about ♪
♪ But I can't stay ♪
♪ So let me hold you
For a little longer now. yeah ♪
Everybody sing.
-♪ And… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Take a piece of my heart ♪
♪ And make it all your own ♪
[all] ♪ So when we are apart ♪
♪ You'll never be alone. no. no. yeah ♪
♪ You'll never be alone. yeah ♪
All right. here we go. all together.
[all vocalizing]
A little louder now.
Don't stop.
This is all you. guys. Sing it loud now!
[audience vocalizing]
Toronto. a little bit louder this time!
Here we go!
[all vocalizing]
Every single person in this stadium.
sing it as loud as you can!
[all vocalizing]
One. two. three. sing!
[audience vocalizing]
[Shawn] ♪ Oh. darlin' ♪
[vocalizing]
I love you so much.
[audience cheering]
[playing "Life of the Party" chorus]
[audience cheering loudly]
[music stops]
[playing "Life of the Party"]
[audience cheers]
♪ I love it when you just don't care ♪
♪ I love it when you dance
Like there's nobody there ♪
♪ So when it gets hard
Don't be afraid ♪
♪ We don't care what them people say
No. yeah ♪
All you.
-♪ I love it when you don't… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Take no ♪
♪ I love it when you do what you want… ♪
[Shawn] ♪ 'Cause you just said so ♪
♪ Let them all go home. we out late ♪
♪ We don't care what them people say
Yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have to be ordinary ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Make your best mistakes ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry. yeah ♪
♪ So. baby. be the life of the party ♪
♪ I'm telling you to take your shot
It might be scary ♪
[audience] ♪ Hearts are gonna break ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry. yeah ♪
♪ So. baby. be the… ♪
♪ Come out tonight. come out tonight ♪
♪ There's no one standing in your way ♪
♪ Come out tonight. come out tonight ♪
♪ We don't care what them people say. no ♪
♪ No. we don't care
What them people say. yeah ♪
[audience cheering]
♪ We don't have to be… ♪
[audience] ♪ Ordinary ♪
♪ Make your best mistakes ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry ♪
♪ So. baby. be the life of the party ♪
♪ I'm telling you to take your shot
It might be scary ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Hearts are gonna break ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry ♪
All you guys.
[all] ♪ So. baby
Be the life of the party ♪
[audience cheering]
♪ We don't have to be ordin… ♪
Sing it loud now!
[audience] ♪ Make your best mistakes ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry. yeah ♪
♪ So. baby. be the life of the party ♪
♪ I'm telling you to take your shot
It might be scary ♪
You!
[audience] ♪ Hearts are gonna break ♪
♪ 'Cause we don't have the time
To be sorry. yeah ♪
♪ So… ♪
Yeah!
Toronto!
How you guys doing out there?
I love you so much!
[vocalizing]
♪ So. baby. be the life of the party
Yeah ♪
-I love you. Thank you.
-[audience cheering]
[playing "Ruin"]
This is "Ruin."
[audience cheers]
I need your help on this one.
[Shawn speaks indistinctly]
Sing with me now.
♪ Do ya… ♪
♪ Do you think about me? ♪
[audience cheers]
♪ And. oh. do ya…  ♪
♪ Do you feel the same way? Yeah ♪
♪ And do ya… ♪
Sing!
♪ Do you remember how it felt?
Baby. yeah. no ♪
♪ Now. 'cause I do. yeah ♪
♪ So listen to me now ♪
♪Sing whoa. whoa. ah ♪
Sing it out now!
♪ And I'm not tryna… ♪
[audience] ♪ Ruin your happiness ♪
♪ But darling. don't you know
I'm the only one for ya? Yeah ♪
All you!
[audience] ♪ And I'm not tryna… ♪
♪ Ruin your happiness. baby ♪
♪ But darling. don't you know
I'm the only one? ♪
♪ And do ya… Yeah ♪
♪ Do you think about me at all? ♪
♪ No. no. no. do you… Yeah ♪
♪ Do you feel the same way?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no ♪
Toronto. as loud as you can.
♪ And do… ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Ya ♪
♪ Now. do you remember how it felt?
Baby. yeah ♪
♪ No. 'cause I do. yeah ♪
♪ So. listen to me now ♪
Sing with me now.
♪ Sing oh. oh. yeah ♪
You!
[audience] ♪ And I'm not tryna
Ruin your happiness ♪
♪ But darling. don't you know
That I'm the only one… ♪
[Shawn] ♪ For you. baby? Yeah ♪
♪ No. I'm not tryna
Ruin your happiness. baby ♪
[high vocalizing] ♪ Ah ♪
[audience cheering]
♪ Can you sing
"Do I ever cross your mind?" ♪
Sing.
[audience] ♪ Do I ever cross your mind? ♪
♪ Can you sing
"Do I ever cross your mind?" Yeah ♪
All you.
[audience] ♪ Do I ever cross your mind? ♪
♪ Now. do I ever cross your mind? ♪
[playing guitar solo]
[audience cheering]
Here we go!
♪ No. I'm not tryna. yeah
Ruin your happiness. baby ♪
♪ I'm the only one. yeah ♪
Toronto!
[audience cheers]
♪ But darling. don't you know
That I'm the only one. yeah ♪
♪ Whoa. oh. yeah ♪
♪ Do I ever. said I. do I ever. said I
Do I? Yeah. yeah ♪
Sing!
♪ Sing it to me like
"Do I ever cross your mind?" ♪
[audience] ♪ Do I ever cross your mind? ♪
♪ Can you sing
"Do I ever cross your mind?" ♪
[audience] ♪ Do I ever cross your mind? ♪
♪ Sing "Do I ever cross your mind. baby?"
Yeah ♪
[audience] ♪ Do I ever cross your mind? ♪
♪ Sing "Do I ever cross your mind?"
Oh. yeah ♪
[audience] ♪ Do I ever… ♪
[Shawn] Toronto!
♪ Sing "Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh" ♪
[audience] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Sing "Yeah. yeah. yeah" ♪
Loud!
[audience] ♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Sing "No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no" ♪
You!
[audience] ♪ No. no. no. no
No. no. no. no ♪
♪ Now. do I ever cross your mind. baby? ♪
Now. Toronto. listen to me.
It's not only me on that stage tonight.
I need you to scream as loud as you can
for my incredible band.
Please give it up for them.
I love you so much.
[audience cheers]
[audience cheering]
-[song ends]
-[audience cheering]
[playing "Treat You Better"]
[percussion roll starting]
[audience cheering loudly]
Here we go. Loud.
[all] ♪ I won't lie to you ♪
♪ I know he's just not right for you ♪
♪ And you can tell me if I'm off ♪
♪ But I see it on your face ♪
♪ When you say
That he's the one that you want ♪
♪ And you're spending all your time
In this wrong situation ♪
♪ And anytime you want it to stop. no ♪
-♪ I know I can treat you better… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Than he can ♪
♪ And any girl like you deserves a… ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Gentleman ♪
♪ Tell me why are we wasting time
On all your wasted crying ♪
♪ When you should… ♪
♪ …you better ♪
[audience] ♪ Better than he can ♪
♪ Better than he can ♪
♪ I'll stop time for you ♪
♪ The second you say
That you'd like me to ♪
♪ I just wanna give you the loving
That you're missing ♪
♪ Baby. just to wake up with you ♪
♪ Could be everything I need
This could be so different ♪
♪ Tell me what you want to do ♪
Sing!
-♪ I know I… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Can treat you better ♪
[all] ♪ Than he can ♪
[Shawn] ♪ And any girl like you
Deserves a gentleman ♪
♪ Tell me why are we wasting time ♪
♪ On all your… ♪
♪ When you should be with me instead ♪
♪ I know I can treat you better ♪
[audience] ♪ Better than he can ♪
[Shawn] ♪ No. better than he can ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
Give me a sign ♪
♪ Take my hand. we'll be fine ♪
♪ I promise I won't let you down ♪
♪ Just know that you don't ♪
[audience] ♪ Have to do this alone ♪
♪ Promise I'll never let you down ♪
-♪ 'Cause I know I can treat… ♪
-[audience] ♪ You better than he can ♪
♪ And any girl like you deserves… ♪
[Shawn] Louder!
[audience] ♪ A gentleman ♪
♪ Why are we wasting time
On all your wasted crying ♪
♪ When you should be with me instead ♪
♪ I know I can treat you better ♪
Toronto. one more time!
[audience] ♪ Better than he can ♪
♪ Better than he can ♪
♪ Treat you better ♪
♪ No. I know
I can treat you better. baby ♪
[vocalizes]
♪ I know I can treat you… ♪
[audience] ♪ Better than he can ♪
♪ And any girl like you deserves a… ♪
[all] ♪ Gentleman ♪
♪ Tell me why are we wasting time ♪
-♪ On all your… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Wasted crying ♪
♪ When you should be with me instead ♪
♪ I know I can treat… ♪
♪ You better. baby ♪
[audience cheering]
[song ends]
-[Shawn] How you guys doing out there?
-[audience cheers]
[Shawn] Now. uh…
Tonight's a very special night.
Not only for me. but…
I have a good friend here tonight
named Josh.
and I think right now he has an important
question to ask his girlfriend.
-I think he's over here.
-[audience cheers]
I love you so much.
[inaudible]
Oh. my God.
-[Shawn] Did she say yes?
-[audience cheering]
[Shawn] Congratulations. guys.
I love you so much.
This is for you.
It's called "Fallin' All in You."
[audience cheering]
I love you so much.
[playing "Fallin' All in You"]
[all] ♪ Sunrise with you on my chest ♪
♪ No blinds in the place where I live ♪
♪ Daybreak. open your eyes ♪
♪ 'Cause this was only ever meant to be
For one night ♪
♪ Still. we're changing our minds here ♪
♪ Be yours. be my dear ♪
♪ So close with you on my lips ♪
♪ Touch noses. feeling your breath ♪
♪ Push your heart and pull away. love ♪
♪ Be my summer in a winter day. I know ♪
♪ I can't see one thing wrong ♪
♪ Between the both of us ♪
♪ Be mine. be mine. sing ♪
[audience] ♪ Anytime ♪
All you guys.
[audience] ♪ Ooh. you know
I've been alone for quite a while ♪
♪ Haven't I? Yeah ♪
♪ I thought I knew it all ♪
♪ Found love but I was wrong ♪
♪ More times than enough ♪
♪ But since you came along ♪
-♪ I'm thinking… ♪
-♪ I'm thinking. baby. you… ♪
Beautiful!
♪ Are bringing out
A different kind of me ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ There's no safety net
That's underneath ♪
♪ I'm free ♪
Sing!
♪ Fallin' all in you ♪
♪ You fell for men
Who weren't how they appear. all right ♪
♪ Trapped up on a tightrope
Now we're here ♪
♪ We're free ♪
♪ Fallin' all in you ♪
How you guys doing out there?
[audience cheers]
♪ Fast forward a couple years. yeah ♪
♪ Grown up in the place that we live ♪
♪ Now. make love. then we fight ♪
♪ Laugh 'cause it was only meant to be
For one night. baby ♪
♪ I guess we can't control ♪
♪ What's just not up to us ♪
♪ Be mine. be mine. yeah ♪
♪ Anytime. anytime ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Ooh ♪
[all] ♪ You know I've been alone
For quite a while ?
♪ Oh. haven't I? Yeah ♪
♪ I thought I knew it all ♪
♪ Found love but I was wrong ♪
♪ More times than enough ♪
♪ But since you came along ♪
♪ I'm thinking. baby ♪
[audience] ♪ You ♪
♪ Are bringing out
A different kind of me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And there's no safety net
That's underneath ♪
♪ I'm free ♪
All you.
[audience] ♪ Fallin' all in you ♪
♪ Fell for men
Who weren't how they appear ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Trapped up on a tightrope
Now we're here ♪
♪We're free ♪
♪ Fallin' all in you ♪
Sing it with me now.
♪ Every time I see you. baby
I get lost. yeah ♪
♪ If I'm dreaming. baby
Please don't wake me up. no ♪
♪ Every night I'm with you
I fall more in love ♪
♪ Now I'm laying by your side ♪
♪ Everything feels right
Since you came along ♪
♪ I'm thinking. darling. you… ♪
Sing it.
[audience] ♪ Are bringing out
A different kind of me ♪
♪ There's no safety net
That's underneath ♪
♪ No. I'm free. yeah ♪
♪ I'm fallin' all in you ♪
All you!
♪ Trapped up on a tightrope
Now we're here ♪
♪ We're free ♪
♪ Fallin' all in ♪
♪ We're free ♪
♪ Baby. fallin' all in you. yeah ♪
-I love you. Thank you so much.
-[audience cheering]
Did you have fun?
[playing soulful riff]
♪ Say whoa ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Say whoa ♪
Louder!
[audience] ♪ Whoa ♪
[Shawn] ♪ Say yeah ♪
All you!
[audience] ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Now. oh ♪
Even louder.
[audience] ♪ Oh ♪
Toronto. I'm gonna stomp my foot
to the ground.
I need everybody to clap your hands
to the stomp of my foot. Clap!
[stomping foot]
No matter how fast I get. do not stop
clapping those hands. You hear me?
Clap those hands! Clap!
[audience clapping]
Faster!
[playing faster. stomping foot]
Don't stop clapping!
[audience cheering loudly]
[audience cheering]
[playing "Youth"]
♪ Here I am. stuck on this couch
Scrolling through my notes ♪
♪ Heart is broken. still not growing ♪
♪ Waking up to headlines
Filled with devastation again ♪
♪ My heart is broken. but I keep going ♪
♪ Pain. but I won't let it
Turn into hate ♪
♪ No. I won't let it change me ♪
♪ Never losing sight
Of the one I keep inside ♪
♪ Now. I know it. yeah. I know it ♪
♪ And you can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
Sing it!
[audience] ♪ As long as I wake up today
You can't take my youth away ♪
♪ No. you can't take my youth away ♪
♪ This soul of mine will never break ♪
♪ As long as I wake up today ♪
-♪ You can't take… ♪
-♪ My youth away ♪
♪ No. you can't take my youth away ♪
♪ It's hard to sleep at night
Knowing what's outside ♪
♪ Feeling hopeless. I need focus. yes ♪
♪ You hit me with words
I never heard come out your mouth ♪
♪ To be honest. I don't want it. no ♪
♪ Pain. but I won't let it
Turn into hate ♪
♪ No. I won't let it change me ♪
Sing!
[all] ♪ You can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
♪ As long as I wake up today
You can't take my youth away ♪
♪ You can't take my… ♪
Sing it loud!
[audience] ♪ This soul of mine
Will never break ♪
♪ As long as I wake up today ♪
[all] ♪ No. you can't take my youth away
Yeah ♪
♪ Pain. but I won't let it
Turn into hate ♪
♪ No. I won't let it change me ♪
♪ Pain. but I won't let it
Turn into hate ♪
♪ No. I won't let it change me ♪
Sing!
♪ You can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
[audience] ♪ As long as I wake up today ♪
♪ You can't take my youth away ♪
Louder!
[audience] ♪ You can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
[all] ♪ As long as I wake up today
You can't take my youth away ♪
[pitch rises to vibrato] ♪ Yeah ♪
Toronto.
[audience cheers]
When I say the word "youth."
I'm not talking about a word that
describes how old or how young we are.
I'm talking about a word
that describes a feeling.
The feeling of freedom.
and the feeling of happiness.
-Do you understand what I'm talking about?
-[audience cheers]
I want to take a moment right now to say
that every single person in this room.
every single one of you.
you are the people that have the power
to change the world for the better.
Do you know
what I'm talking about. Toronto?
[audience cheers]
It is up to us to stand our ground
and to say that no matter what happens.
our youth will not be taken away from us.
Sing this last chorus as loud as you can.
Here we go. As loud as you can!
[all] ♪ No. you can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
[audience] ♪ As long as I wake up today
You can't take my youth away ♪
[all] ♪ No. you can't take my youth away
This soul of mine will never break ♪
♪ As long as I wake up today
You can't take my youth away ♪
♪ You can't take my youth away ♪
[audience cheers]
Thank you.
[playing "If I Can't Have You"]
[all] ♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ I can't drink
Without thinkin' about you ♪
♪ Is it too late to tell you that ♪
♪ Everything means nothing if I… ♪
[audience] ♪ Can't have you? ♪
-♪ I'm in Toronto and I got this view ♪
-♪ I got this ♪
[all] ♪ But I might as well
Be in a hotel room. yeah ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
'Cause I'm so consumed ♪
♪ Spending all my nights
Reading texts from you. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. I'm good at keeping my distance ♪
♪ I know… Yeah ♪
[audience] ♪ That you're the feeling
I'm missing ♪
[all] ♪ You know that I hate to admit it ♪
-♪ But everything means nothing if I… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Can't have you ♪
♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ I can't drink without thinkin' about you
♪ Is it too late to tell you that ♪
[audience] ♪ Everything means nothing
If I… ♪
♪ Can't have you?
♪ No. I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ Can't drink without… ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Thinkin' about you
Is it too late… ♪
♪ To tell you that ♪
♪ Everything means nothing
If I can't have you?  Yeah ♪
-♪ And I'm so sorry that my timing's… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Off ♪
♪ But I can't move on
If we're still gonna talk ♪
♪ Is it wrong for me to not want half? ♪
♪ I want all of you
All the strings attached ♪
♪ Oh. I'm good at keeping my distance ♪
♪ I know… ♪
[audience] ♪ That you're the feeling
I'm missing ♪
♪ You know that I hate to admit it ♪
♪ But everything means nothing…  ♪
Sing it!
[audience] ♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ I can't drink
Without thinking about you ♪
♪ Is it too late to tell you that ♪
♪ Everything means nothing… ♪
Everybody jump!
[audience] ♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ Can't drink without… ♪
♪ Thinking about you. baby ♪
-[audience] ♪ Is it too late… ♪
-♪ To tell you that everything… ♪
[audience] ♪ Means nothing
If I can't have you? ♪
♪ I'm trying to move on. forget you
But I hold on ♪
[audience] ♪ Everything means nothing
Everything means nothing. babe ♪
♪ I'm trying to move on. forget you
But I hold on ♪
-[on recording] ♪ Everything means… ♪
-♪ I can't have you ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ That's not about you ♪
♪ Can't drink
Without thinking about you. baby ♪
-♪ Is it too late… ♪
-♪ Yeah. too ♪
♪ Everything means… ♪
♪ I can't have you ♪
♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ Can't drink
Without thinking about you. baby ♪
-♪ Is it too late… ♪
-♪ To tell you that ♪
One more time!
♪ I can't write one song
That's not about you ♪
♪ Can't drink without thinking about you ♪
♪ Is it too late to tell you that ♪
♪ Everything means nothing ♪
[hitch-pitched] ♪ If I can't have you? ♪
♪ Can't have you. yeah ♪
[audience cheering]
[playing "Why"]
[audience cheers loudly]
♪ I know a girl. she's like a curse ♪
♪ We want each other
No one will break first ♪
♪ So many nights
Trying to find someone new ♪
♪ They don't mean nothing
Compared to you. and I know ♪
♪ When people ask about us
Now. we just brush it off ♪
[audience]  ♪ I don't know why we act
Like it means nothing at all ♪
♪ I wish that I could tell you
That you're all that I want. yeah ♪
Sing it with me now.
[all] ♪ I pretend that ♪
♪ I'm not ready ♪
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves? ♪
♪ And you say "hi" like ♪
♪ You just met me ♪
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves?
Oh. darling ♪
♪ When I hear you sing
It gets hard to breathe ♪
♪ Can't help but think
Every song's about me ♪
♪ And every line. every word
That I write ♪
♪ You are the muse
In the back of my mind. oh ♪
♪ No. don't wanna ask about it
'Cause you might brush it off ♪
♪ I'm afraid you think
That it means nothing at all. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. I wish that I could tell you
That you're all that I want ♪
♪ I pretend that ♪
[Shawn] ♪ That I'm not ready ♪
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves? ♪
All you.
♪ And you say "hi" like ♪
♪ You just met me ♪
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves? ♪
[playing dreamy solo]
♪ I pretend that ♪
-[rising to high pitch] ♪ I'm not ready ♪
-[audience cheering]
♪ And you say "hi" like ♪
♪ You just met me ♪
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ Why can't we just get over ourselves? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah. no. no ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Why do we put each other through hell? ♪
♪ I know a girl. she's like a curse ♪
♪ We want each other
No one will break first ♪
♪ So many nights
Trying to find someone new ♪
♪ They don't mean nothing
Compared to you ♪
[audience cheering]
[playing "Mercy"]
♪ Mmm-mmm. mmm. mmm-mmm ♪
[all] ♪ You've got a hold on me ♪
♪ Don't even know your power ♪
♪ I stand a hundred feet ♪
♪ But I fall when I'm around ya ♪
♪ Show me an open door ♪
♪ And you go and slam it on me ♪
♪ I can't take anymore ♪
♪ I'm saying
Baby. please have mercy on me ♪
♪ And take it easy on my heart ♪
♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt… ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ You keep tearing me apart ♪
♪ Now. would you please have mercy ♪
-[audience] ♪ Mercy on my heart? ♪
- ♪ On my heart ♪
♪ Would you please have mercy. yeah ♪
♪ Mercy. yeah. on my heart? ♪
♪ Mmm-mmm. mmm. mmm-mmm ♪
-Toronto. how you doing out there?
-[audience cheers]
[Shawn] ♪ I'd drive through the night ♪
♪ Just to be near you. baby ♪
♪ Heart open. testify ♪
♪ Tell me that I'm not crazy ♪
♪ I'm not asking for a lot ♪
♪ No. just that you're honest with me ♪
♪ And my pride. is all I got ♪
♪ So. I'm saying ♪
Scream!
[audience] ♪ Baby. please
Have mercy on me ♪
♪ And take it easy on my heart ♪
♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt… ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ You keep tearing me apart ♪
♪ And would you please have mercy on me?
Yeah ♪
♪ And I'm a puppet on your strings ♪
♪ And even though you got… ♪
[audience] ♪ Good intentions ♪
♪ I need you to set me free
Would you please… ♪
Sing!
♪ Mercy. mercy ♪
♪ On my heart ♪
-♪ Would you please have… ♪
-♪ Mercy. mercy ♪
[Shawn] ♪ No. on my… ♪
Clap your hands in the air!
[audience cheering]
♪ Consuming all the air inside my lungs ♪
♪ Ripping all the skin from off my bones ♪
♪ I'm prepared to sacrifice my life ♪
♪ I would gladly do it twice ♪
Sing it loud now!
[audience] ♪ Consuming all the air
Inside my lungs ♪
♪ Ripping all the skin from off my bones ♪
♪ No. I'm prepared to sacrifice my life ♪
♪ I would gladly do it twice ♪
♪ Oh. please have mercy on me. yeah ♪
-♪ Take it… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Easy on my heart ♪
♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt me ♪
♪ Now. you keep tearing me apart ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ Would you please
Have mercy on me? ♪
♪ And I'm a puppet on your string ♪
♪ And even though
You got good intentions. yeah ♪
♪ No. I need… ♪
[high-pitched] ♪ Mercy. yeah ♪
♪ Would you please have mercy. yeah ♪
♪ Mercy. yeah ♪
♪ On my heart ♪
♪ Please. have mercy on me ♪
[audience] ♪ Take it easy on my heart ♪
♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt me ♪
♪ No. you keep tearing me apart ♪
♪ Would you please have mercy ♪
♪ Mercy. yeah ♪
[audience] ♪ On my heart ♪
♪ Now. would you please have mercy ♪
♪ On my heart ♪
[audience cheering]
[playing "Fix You" by Coldplay]
Toronto. again. thank you so much
with all my heart for having us tonight.
[audience cheering]
Feels unbelievable to be at home
and feel all this love. truly.
Thank you so much.
This. uh…
This next song means
the absolute world to me.
Sing it with me. Here we go.
[all] ♪ When you try your best
But you don't succeed ♪
♪ When you get what you want
But not what you need ♪
♪ When you feel so tired
But you can't sleep ♪
♪ Stuck in reverse ♪
Beautiful.
[all] ♪ And the tears come streaming
Down your face ♪
♪ When you lose something
You can't replace ♪
♪ When you love someone
But it goes to waste ♪
♪ Could it be worse? ♪
Toronto. all you guys.
-♪ Lights… ♪
-[audience] ♪ Lights will guide you home ♪
[all] ♪ And ignite your bones ♪
♪ And I will try to fix you ♪
-How you guys doing out there?
-[audience cheers]
♪ When you're high up above
Or down below ♪
♪ When you're too in love to let it go ♪
♪ But if you never try
Then you'll never know ♪
♪ Just what you're worth ♪
Everybody all together. Here we go.
♪ 'Cause lights will… ♪
[audience] ♪ 'Cause lights
Will guide you home ♪
♪ And ignite your bones ♪
[all]  ♪ And I will try to fix you ♪
I love you so much. Thank you.
[audience cheering]
[playing "Into My Blood"]
♪ Help me ♪
[audience cheers loudly]
[all] ♪ It's like the walls
Are caving in ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
♪ But I just can't ♪
♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
♪ Laying on the bathroom floor
Feeling nothing ♪
♪ I'm overwhelmed and insecure
Give me something ♪
♪ I could take to ease my mind slowly ♪
♪ Just have a drink
And you'll feel better ♪
Oh!
[audience] ♪ Just take her home
And you'll feel better ♪
[all] ♪ Keep telling me
That it gets better. yeah ♪
♪ Does it ever? ♪
Here we go!
[all] ♪ Help me
It's like the walls are caving in ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
♪ No medicine is strong enough ♪
♪ Someone help me ♪
♪ Now. I'm crawling in my skin ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
♪ But I just can't ♪
Sing!
[all] ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
♪ I'm looking through my phone again
Feeling anxious ♪
♪ Afraid to be alone again
I hate this. yeah ♪
♪ I'm trying to find a way to chill
Can't breathe. oh ♪
♪ Is there somebody who could help me? ♪
Sing!
[audience] ♪ It's like the walls
Are caving in ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
♪ No medicine is strong enough ♪
[Shawn] ♪ Someone help me. yeah ♪
♪ Now. I'm crawling in my skin ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
♪ But I just can't ♪
Sing!
♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
♪ I need somebody now ♪
♪ Someone to help me out ♪
♪ No. I need somebody now ♪
♪ Help me ♪
[audience] ♪ It's like the walls
Are caving in ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪
Toronto. yeah!
[audience cheering]
♪ It isn't in my blood. yeah ♪
♪ I need somebody now ♪
[audience] ♪ I need somebody now ♪
[Shawn] ♪ Someone to help me out ♪
♪ No. I need somebody now ♪
Stay with me. here we go.
♪ Sing whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
Sing!
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Sing whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
You!
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
Don't stop!
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
-[Shawn] ♪ Whoa ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
[Shawn] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
Don't stop singing!
♪ Sing whoa ♪
[song continues]
[audience cheering]
[inaudible]
[audience cheers loudly]
Toronto. I love you so much.
with all my heart. Thank you.
Thank you so much for having us.
We'll see you next time.
Have an amazing night.
[audience cheering loudly]
[inaudible]
[music climaxes]
[music ends]
[audience cheering]
[ethereal music plays]
[bittersweet instrumental music plays]